Fix Visual Studio toolset version in compilation instructions (#31640)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: COMPILING.md

## Visual Studio Guide

> Visual Studio 2015 (or later) is required to build Cataclysm.  If you use a later version of Visual Studio, you will need to [enable the Visual Studio 2017 (v141) platform toolset](https://developercommunity.visualstudio.com/content/problem/48806/cant-find-v140-in-visual-studio-2017.html). We created solution and project files in directory `msvc-full-features`. Because of the complexity and how troublesome defining every combination of build feature options are, in Visual Studio project we added all build features, including tiles, sound and localization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visual Studio 2017 (or later) is required to build Cataclysm: Dark Days Ahead. Solutions and project files are located in directory `msvc-full-features`. Because of the complexity and how troublesome defining every combination of build feature options are, Visual Studio projects have all build features enabled, including tiles, sound and localization.
```

Author: Thanks for that @ZhilkinSerg.
